## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, Nov. 9, 2015, 1-2pm EST
### 
---
* Chair: Jennifer Eustis
* Notetaker:  Christina M. Harlow

---

#### How to Join the Meeting  
* Announcements on how to join are posted on the Islandora Google Group list


---

#### Agenda Items:  
* Metadata Tools subgroup report
* Authorities subgroup report
* Fedora4 Metadata subgroup report
* Islandora Hydra Compatibility report
* Islandora Enhancement Features subgroup report
* Islandora Metadata Best Practices subgroup report
* Metadata Tools subgroup report
* Use case users stories
* Using "Issues" to list issues that we would like to change in Islandora  
* Discussion: Mods to DC xsl (https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/islandora/5yO9NkEBpI0)
* Discussion: Replacing the MODS and the changes don't take effect unless you open the form and update (https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/islandora/EX2CBR9fBDY)
* Discussion: Helping with Documentation for releases (https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1PRv2Xo-sNE_sDJHUT5OvTXmNiSHnkdJgwo7VsFkIUgY/edit#gid=1041823630)
* Discussion: Clearing the Batch Queue (https://groups.google.com/forum/#!searchin/islandora/batch$20queue$20sets/islandora/wPnVZyCpwzE/LvQwn6BoAwAJ)

